## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-pGqTJHE/m20W4oDrfxTVzOutpMhjK3uP/0lReY0Jq/KInpuJSXUnk4WAYbciCLqT"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-Mtb4EH3R9NMDME1sPQALOYR8KGqwrXAtmc6XGxDd0XaXB23irPKsuET0JjZt5utI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-no5/zgQGupzPFGWV8VpJzfQau5/GI2v5b7I45l6nKc8gMOxzBHfgyxNdjQEnmW94 /es/languages/bash.js
sha384-u2nRnIxVxHkjnpxFScw/XgxNVuLz4dXXiT56xbp+Kk2b8AuStNgggHNpM9HO569A /es/languages/bash.min.js
sha384-+9dzNYaLHp3OPspFCOJGrEwfiOV3yqeD/atUDYVt9zKUJ8IW2QxffCT2LfmGfwfW /es/languages/css.js
sha384-G44u1/pUATC8754FIKYqkCxCl9AQYnspnFxzuR3RB1YVnTvqOEofqvZNQMUWcY/1 /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-DmHzDhCE3ltNMxzvFexjBF+ku3PcoAMY7WFOXlWIZnV+vEiPek+T5FVXBuYELEAg /es/languages/graphql.js
sha384-y8dkUR8w2ApytztUtIg+27fJuiL5sH1oq9uRGEcpH9zcoYPU/ZFvroB77kwDE7d6 /es/languages/graphql.min.js
sha384-oQpcUGMBf+VDTHOLQ1uhPp1FgNBo0OZc9gbXGuVFwAogHlkh/Iw6cvKKgcgCQkmV /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-3T8DJ91yCa1//uY9h8Bo4QLrgEtbz4ILN2x9kSM4QWX9/1kKu6UXC3RAbVQV85UQ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-R87hRh4kF8+iz2sB6FvLrfR0XZBohjFXeJKIXld1Eji2UVi+M2+OIgJKma/9Ko6u /es/languages/json.js
sha384-QFDPNpqtrgZCuAr70TZJFM4VCY+xNnyGKwJw2EsWIBJOVcWAns9PHcLzecyDVv+x /es/languages/json.min.js
sha384-JkFMmKMbHcXjdfHauRnREGG6i73GyMisdqNivBm4Z9m2Oc82YIu5jQtIjLa508e8 /es/languages/markdown.js
sha384-65/lNNIY+ayhHTtFznjnyZ5w2NDdZIpSEcqjss/p4ex5JamZ46FdYwDDf6IBLCmE /es/languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-WuxmFqZ8YXr3xyK1Salq5t1q46F/VyzVGx48M2ZJPhbodzQ9L8kfnP/0seU78NsC /es/languages/nginx.js
sha384-XOua+gbAwDawIeMkI2pkXOZH9Xxl9/XLoGuPJD5Bs3WS4bMn207o20s+aQtpsqqE /es/languages/nginx.min.js
sha384-e+d8RFZbtc5Pmt3xfX9uuElm63v5qOj7T5hAkkFbnYc1wEk7wCLlzOsm66MCf5Uk /es/languages/python.js
sha384-CPHh+9FxkWF3OtMZdTj5oQN1Qti0p4/5XBABz/JdgssOKHmfAOFz6Gu4tsG6MQiH /es/languages/python.min.js
sha384-kcAcxYNWYVMr2nwgsILhFHZH+OkRjbK6xazY53sIcW9bta3onTtDBKug0swjsiMC /es/languages/scss.js
sha384-mlx1v98SAsuX2QnqD9+dsXOfilvT7QQjfyOD3HTrvA4TXsxV4yjW/+TqhUADUuOH /es/languages/scss.min.js
sha384-BcyijKQAe0oJGoEBf0y/+dTJjKiy4bIAVdjreJw+MiOkPgCEjM/2FY2+W7K6tcEZ /es/languages/typescript.js
sha384-Mfjt0R07QBpLXhGWeCetLw7s2mTQSoXmcyYnfsSNq4V4YG3FwayBjxod9MxjSB1x /es/languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-40MP6/ECSjYaTAIf+/ibE2FPeFPQ53WbASndXxMOcXiQtgLbGXUStZVuPSngp7OD /es/languages/yaml.js
sha384-vXmhozexi2dHQBoniIEbWI5ZqDxyVfUs96BUGpqjWL1aberSp9pyxbvK8WCNASGB /es/languages/yaml.min.js
sha384-4SbTAv3AX2fuPCpSv6HW3p07YgA7hFfcwG2zJHtYv0ATIt1juD3IXj2NSYwTeIpm /languages/bash.js
sha384-83HvQQdGTWqnRLmgm19NjCb1+/awKJGytUX9sm3HJb2ddZ9Fs1Bst2bZogFjt9rr /languages/bash.min.js
sha384-h6xPJgkyvp13tIs697wZHjCH20tW1aJOrvnAKiZZiATSWZp0lyLB4bAdsEhWUSze /languages/css.js
sha384-+MO3D3y/aZzZq7QMAAA5KiuAcqBZivJHFmVUXfwdBoLxEXeGTeQGsNMll4fpnegg /languages/css.min.js
sha384-y4jAHac6QZpx9l3FE/Q9CbTHzEhF8S7+9Hm8AY4PfpSCmQWpPCdW1rBh63nXebrT /languages/graphql.js
sha384-2vKrGN0+i0vPRkMvpEZkOgi35/Vyn5pGG9Oi+baBPODVLjCrGyhQpwDG+BBEEeA3 /languages/graphql.min.js
sha384-p/utwvqrRVOLlz0BjJ0BCGCb2liTDipfz47/QmGXz9hoPIjCKYEgmYUC30VmGgZy /languages/javascript.js
sha384-L/XmDiyusXomLRGcRmcBpPlboRFjpQNV747OJvg+sEOpgGYvUsNwcC4JLNQ2dI6O /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-psmmPlbfEWGyvRapexDqkVTgNz7Y1xvlGdLNWQSafI4GFQYFDXPZxVXH1laU4n6l /languages/json.js
sha384-Bb6DhE3tUpBROwypL78TbhRUs9QbCt2GxcxVSYglt2l3MefrYkm4CfwjfWhRfQaX /languages/json.min.js
sha384-TVvUXbmPgdS59xZSFUeyNQ1vUkeCbBpuMj3qlzdEwdQhoO5F/WNdI94UEw8g7Enp /languages/markdown.js
sha384-sFh+6oaRBb6kdaMLf8x7qeH7NTvm2u1Ta6PtI0S8hoA+bP7UtHCyKFzaI1JBXwhT /languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-GqxuhQ5X9X3c8nNswtucj7gX9fAuYCtI73NbFLXAYNqX39+zocekxv7SOK6oVGhi /languages/nginx.js
sha384-TG8jUbt29ktiHxVaCkA6FLnJkL/PYG3zQwEYexdbr+Z6mMkFf+c0ONpHyuIY4vvG /languages/nginx.min.js
sha384-WNah6F2QDUbmrNCi0fSEyKJbSb01S1ijnoiwbDnegW7dm2Cz/H1CiH1HhWlUvj01 /languages/python.js
sha384-YDj7s2Wf0QEwarV3OB8lvoNJJCH032vOLMDo2HDrYiEpQ+QmKN+e++x3hElX5S+w /languages/python.min.js
sha384-1MNX8RDXroN7D+Jeq9f6EysUNAuhuQMq32wKcGB5yEDEJalUxEoSjfRVJhF0+YV6 /languages/scss.js
sha384-7CdPzO1jMDolQK+LCRlGiW1Oka6fSiQdIiqfTvHeBk2Hm2iYNoqMn60aJ9HdKkjb /languages/scss.min.js
sha384-4q0Mj1AHSvVdgi6nXDGdkiHZQcme/PcCE+MvwCvnAIZSjhJfk3UpjJU2nn2eImWz /languages/typescript.js
sha384-rfwxAwuWzb2XdSU7HN3IhrSyCq96Nj4p1ZYPCNAGbqtnPsaWl8d5eSypxPbW6alT /languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-3KIoWvJ5JGRH35WAkzreEebY8sug+ZWeaOPS2r1KIfznEU9TtPFpxX6sIgtaiA9G /languages/yaml.js
sha384-bMkvdnz+wPu1ro0fqO3BaDWztc7RzSvw05MQFP6bhJKDcwpkrFYTfTFI9ndkP11l /languages/yaml.min.js
sha384-HlOPSrhaIR3ZqEFNrZtBYTMtQXIZKE4sRvuc8aqp1xZIGWyrjWYQLdcVO9HXnh3b /highlight.js
sha384-tFRNfnrkpWspeyr8ESjak3bceRCt4i0622geAvd8KbJiVJtizaBhtTMqnS6Y2iB2 /highlight.min.js
```

